welcome my name is Sophia and now I'm
going to talk about Twilight Bella Swan
a seventeen-year-old misfit leaves
Phoenix Arizona to move to Forks a small
town located on Washington State's
Olympic Peninsula she will live with her
father Charlie the town's police chief
her mother Renee is remarried to Phil a
minor-league baseball player whose
career often keeps the couple on the
road
Bella becomes reacquainted with Jacob
black a Native American teen who lives
with his father Billy on the Quileute
Indian Reservation near Forks Bella
makes friends at her new high school but
finds the mysterious and aloof Cullen
siblings particularly intriguing Bella
is seated next to Edward Cullen in
biology class on her first day but he
seems repulsed by her after a weeks
absence from school
Edward returns and socializes normally
with Bella a few days later Bella is
nearly struck by a skidding van in the
school parking lot Edward
instantaneously covers the distance of
over 30 feet putting himself between
Bella and the van stopping it with only
his hand he subsequently refuses to
explain his actions to Bella and warns
her against for friending him Jacob
tells Bella about a long-standing
animosity between the Cullens and the
Quileute and says the Cullens are not
allowed on the reservation after much
research Bella concludes that Edward has
mysterious powers resembling a vampire
he eventually confirms this but says he
and the other Cullen's only consume
animal blood the pair fall in love and
Edward introduces Bella to his vampire
family Carlyle Cullen the family
patriarch is a doctor at the forks
hospital as Maia's Carlisle's wife and
the family matriarch Alice Jasper
Emmett and Rosalie are their informally
adopted children the family's reaction
to Bella is mixed concerned the family
secret could be exposed Edward and
Bella's relationship is jeopardized when
three nomadic vampires
James Victoria and Laurent arrive in the
forks area they are responsible for a
series of deaths being investigated as
animal attacks James a tracker vampire
with incredible hunting instincts is
incited by Bella's scent and becomes
obsessed with hunting her for sport
Edward and the other Cullen's protect
Bella
but James tracks her to Phoenix Arizona
where she is hiding with Jasper and
Alice
James lers Bella into a trap at her old
ballet studio he attacks Bella and
infects her with vampire venom Edward
arrives and after a ferocious battle he
subdues James just as other Cullen's
arrive Alice Emmett and Jasper kill
James decapitating and burning him as
Edward removes the venom from Bella's
wrists preventing her becoming a vampire
in the aftermath Bella has suffered a
broken leg and is hospitalized
upon returning to Forks Edward
accompanies Bella to the high school
prom where he refuses her request to
transform her into a vampire they are
unaware that James's mate
Victoria is secretly watching them
plotting revenge for her lover's death
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]